---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "keyfactor Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# keyfactor Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
# basic auth configuration example
provider "keyfactor" {
  username = "COMMAND\\your_username"
  password = "your_api_password"
  hostname = "mykfinstance.kfdelivery.com"
  domain   = "mydomain.com"
}

# oauth configuration example
provider "keyfactor" {
  client_id     = "my_oauth_client_id"
  client_secret = "my_oauth_client_secret"
  scopes        = "enroll,agents,cert:admin" # These are example, fictitious, scopes and will vary based on identity provider.
  token_url     = "https://mykfinstance.kfdelivery.com:8444/realms/Keyfactor/protocol/openid-connect/token"
  hostname      = "mykfinstance.kfdelivery.com"

  alias = "keyfactor_command_oauth" # This isn't required
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Access token for OAuth authentication. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `api_path` (String) Path to Keyfactor Command API.Default value is `KeyfactorAPI`.This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_API_PATH` environment variable.
- `appkey` (String, Sensitive) Application key provisioned by Keyfactor Command instance.This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_APPKEY` environment variable.
- `audience` (String) OAuth audience to request when authenticating. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_AUTH_AUDIENCE` environment variable.
- `auth_ca_certificate` (String) Path to CA certificate to use when connecting to a Keyfactor Command identity provider in PEM format.This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_CA_CERT` environment variable.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID for OAuth authentication. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret for OAuth authentication. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- `command_ca_certificate` (String) Path to CA certificate to use when connecting to the Keyfactor Command API in PEM format.This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_CA_CERT` environment variable.
- `domain` (String) Domain that Keyfactor Command instance is hosted on. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_DOMAIN` environment variable.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of Keyfactor Command instance. Ex: keyfactor.examplecompany.com. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_HOSTNAME` environment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of Keyfactor Command service account. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `pfx_password_length` (Number) The length of password to use when generating a PFX. Default value is `12`.
- `pfx_password_max_special_chars` (Number) The maximum number of to use when generating a PFX password. Default value is `0`.
- `pfx_password_min_digits` (Number) The minimum number of digits to use when generating a PFX password. Default value is `4`.
- `pfx_password_min_uppercases` (Number) The minimum number of uppercase letters to use when generating a PFX password. Default value is `4`.
- `request_timeout` (Number) Global timeout for HTTP requests to Keyfactor Command instance. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_CLIENT_TIMEOUT` environment variable.Default value is `60`.
- `scopes` (String) A list of comma separated OAuth scopes to request when authenticating. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_AUTH_SCOPES` environment variable.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Skip TLS verification when connecting to Keyfactor Command API and identity provider.Default value is `false`.This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_SKIP_VERIFY` environment variable.
- `token_url` (String) OAuth token URL for Keyfactor Command instance. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_AUTH_TOKEN_URL` environment variable.
- `username` (String) Username of Keyfactor Command service account. This can also be set via the `KEYFACTOR_USERNAME` environment variable.
